[Music]
goodbye ghost
so as tommy says goodbye to ghost we're
gonna follow tommy in chicago which is
definitely the most anticipated spin-off
in the power universe but people still
asked a question about ghost and 50 cent
had a few interesting things to say
whether we could see ghost again and
what we can expect from tommy spinoff
powerbook 4 force so in this video we're
going to go through 50s interview and
comments on the return of ghost but only
in flashbacks and we're going to talk a
bit more about powerbook 4 force and
what we can expect from the tommy show
but of course if you're new to the
channel and you haven't done so already
then remember to smash the subscribe
button you shouldn't see everything
powerful full force powered universe and
bmf related but let's go through 50s
into you first and go through what he
said and then we're going to break it
down with what it could mean for tommy
spinoff and ghost himself now 50 cent
did an interview with the express and he
said tommy's show is going to be the
true organic spin-off we're going to see
some interesting things and i expect to
blow the wheels off the people but when
he was asked about ghost return he said
maybe flashbacks or something but not in
the present day so that's what he said
about ghosts and powerball full force
now of course we're going to start with
him telling us that ghosts won't be
returning in the present day but
possibly in flashbacks and this is
something i thought would happen
eventually especially with tariq and how
we saw him having a hallucination of
kanan in the final episode of power
we've seen ghosts having hallucinations
of both angela and kanan as well before
but we haven't actually seen tommy
having any hallucinations of anyone as
of yet but it is something i think we
will see at some point or in flashbacks
either with kane and or ghost just like
50 said power have never really been big
on flashbacks and we never really saw
any flashbacks apart from the few
hallucinations in power but having said
that we did see a flashback scene in
powerbook 2 ghost with tariq in episode
9 just before drew was shot we also saw
a flashback at the beginning of raising
canaan with kanan in 1985 and we might
now get some flashback scenes in
powerbook four fours especially as we
start to follow tommy's journey on his
own and as he had goes by his side for
large parts of power tommy definitely
has a inner ghost in himself and there
are definitely a lot of versions of
ghost something i raised before in one
of my ghost character analysis videos
was how he constantly looked in the
mirror at different stages of his
journey in power symbolizing his change
and the character that he was at that
stage of his journey and with tommy we
are definitely going to see something
similar as he now tries to figure out
how to move in chicago because he's
going to have to adapt and change his
ways be the same old tommy but he'll
have to adapt to his new surroundings
with the people that he meets along the
way such as dmacc gennad diamond simon
mcdougall gloria walter flynn there are
definitely a lot of new characters that
tommy is going to meet and i'll do a
character breakdown for all of these
characters in the lead up to powerball
full force but along the way no doubt
he'll have some troubling times when he
starts to question can i really do this
without ghost this is when we could
see him having those flashbacks 50
speaks of until he has a eureka type of
moment when he realizes that he's been
doing this his whole life and he
doesn't need ghosts anymore he's moved
on just like the clip i played for you
at the beginning goodbye ghost and as he
says goodbye to ghost then we're really
going to start to see tommy egan making
calculated strategic moves but he'll
still be the same old savage tommy that
we know him as and no doubt he'll be
cancelling christmas on a few characters
and this really will be the continuation
from power as 50 confirmed in his
interview it's going to be the true
organic spin-off we're going to see sex
violence death heartbreak and it really
is going to bring the old power vibes
back that we associated with the
original power series but i'm going to
keep this video short and sweet and
leave you to give me your thoughts on
seeing ghost in flashbacks because i've
gone through the teaser for powerball
full force what we can expect from some
of the characters already so i'm gonna
leave those links down below for you
guys if you've not seen them but let me
know what you guys think about ghost
returning but only in flashbacks and not
in the present day as 50 said in his
interview drop all your thoughts down
below in the comment section and drop
some of your predictions on tommy as he
now begins a new chapter in his life in
chicago but for those who are new to the
channel remember to smash the subscriber
and if you want to see everything power
universe related because we've got power
book 2 goal season 2 coming on november
the 21st before we get to tommy's
spin-off in chicago and i've put an
article linked down below in the
description and in the comments section
for those who want to take read
yourselves but anyway guys as always
thank you guys for watching and i'll see
you
next time